how do I make sure I'm getting all the
vitamins and minerals I need I eat by
color we're all familiar with the five
food groups that should provide our
basic nutrition right breads and cereals
fruits and vegetables dairy protein and
heart-healthy fats getting an
appropriate daily amount of each of
these five things is key and of course
whole grains are an excellent source of
dietary fiber and vitamins but to make
sure that we're getting all the
important vitamins and minerals and
micronutrients we need to eat 5 to 10
servings of different colored fruits and
vegetables every day now don't freak a
serving only consists of a half a cup of
cut-up or cooked vegetables a cup of
fresh greens a half a cup of cooked
dried beans or if you must make some
juice vegetable juice fruit juice it's
not that hard is it so why is color
important because colorful foods usually
are rich in nutrients dark leafy
vegetables such as kale and spinach
broccoli asparagus purple fruits dark
fruits blueberries blackberries and the
bright orange fruits and vegetables
these are among the richest nutrients
and the best antioxidants containing
vitamin C and E beta-carotene and
selenium and here's something else one
study has shown that women who eat large
amounts of fruits and vegetables are at
lower risk of obesity provided they're
not loaded with butter or high-calorie
dressings and sauces it's because the
dietary bulk of fresh fruits and
vegetables can fill your stomach and
curb your appetite they can also reduce
cholesterol levels and help curb
constipation so look look at these
colorful foods and think about how you
can get at least 4 to 5 of these foods
these these colors into you and
every day and remember the fresh foods
themselves are far better for you than
bottled fruit juices or dried fruits and
dried vegetables which are full of sugar
some go for color and try to buy what's
in season and grown locally that's
better for you better help for you and
better health for the planet